you are all the fans of Italy but at the
world a bit more then too much of
world tour still so two and so
damage to one and from the years too
having less and less must do different than
you have to make goals at the end of the world is not
it is not as if they had in fact by
provinces of italy
ten million people say that
maybe something wrong
but if to such a small and known broadcaster
to make him a transmission that in short
there was this one thing having to
so worried when when the
Padania will make the world stop
position to say it with teheran from of
Michele for likely risks
exit out of the world and asks the
france no a condition is created
almost dramatic ranking so can
imagine what you write to us
as well as sinar mas and nando is first
world tour absolute food by institution
don't pass the tour and the other failure
do not pass the eighths
ugly to say that with writing we will succeed
however, I think to arrive in the top four
that it is also realistic to hope for
to get there on the hospital to get there
that 's a second me is a goal
in inverted commas is not a goal with the
important stage
when will the 24 met in
italy brazil argentina england o
brazil argentina spain then leader a
games and it really can be this
decisive to the condition of a player
rather than the motion even more
therefore, however, as values ​​we must
get less at least in the semifinals e
not only in Italy to get there then it is
natural than if in the final quarterfinals against
the whole spain then traveled there
a small final must be played on
secret of that team that thinks
a few words was also this is
made to have so many too many to say
personality players but sofa
curious for the maximum hut, but the hut
a little bit in the last step
last
in the last few minutes we are
were perhaps not pungent not only the
first time despite having the
ball of the game to go maybe not anymore
strong talented not stronger
we have more genius though you
perhaps not grateful because I feel that
if he goes to the party of lack of talent
but so much is not just the tunnel shot of
heel also a young man like him giulia e
we have the Internet to some in
especially because he made two cartoons
made material seem to prevail
piero gilardino
therefore there has not been a 1 that is
distinct for the realization vein of
time perhaps a bit more malice
moderate type can help you lacked
lavezzi homicidal nothing I wanted to say to 3
the same thing clearly speaks of one
society comes to mind that it is not that it has
always returned to the sender all
offers
yes I must have done it not later
two days ago my president
so I think that nothing changes
the wait regarding mine
francesco we are tough when it seemed
what to say but maybe we say ours
quotes problem that that is not a
problem how can that be when
we must say something we say the fact
that we are Romans can appreciate for
some human I think you the controversy
that we brought astori behind is
also due our character a little
that we are so today we have something from
say we say it but I do n't now because
now he will have to do a world championship but make it
to overwhelm these use said but
as before I will stay and I think he said
of the magician until the end of the contract of
roma in time they talked about ours
of me he spoke in these terms he has
run-in cold